[THEME MUSIC]
>> In states of great
love and inspiration,
the Egyptians taught a window
opens within and a light from
a higher reality can shine in.
This is the whole magic or
the game of transfiguration,
that it's really a
matter of the heart.
We think of transfiguration
as a mental concept--
I'm going to change my form.
But really, it's about tapping
the power, the unlimited power
of the heart.
It's about tapping the
power of love, a cosmic love
beyond love that we sometimes
can't even contemplate or even
imagine in our
earthly existence.
Think of the love
you have for a pet.
Think of the love you have
for a child, a spouse.
Multiply it by a million.
That's the kind
of love that we're
talking about that these higher
states can bring into our life.
And think about the
transformative power
of such a vibration
in our world.
I've been asked to keep my
remarks today to precisely
at 11:00 AM because there's
going to be a mass meditation
in this room that is focused
on some of the things that
I'm talking about right here.
And I really believe that is
the pathway forward for us.
We have not even tried
it yet as a species--
a collective heart opening,
a collective transfiguration.
But yet, that is what we're
all actually involved in,
is opening a window
into our consciousness,
into our cosmos that will
provide new ideas, inspirations,
and answers that will completely
and utterly transfigure
and transform our world.
The Bible speaks of this
happening in a flash,
in a twinkling of an eye.
And, again, the idea is that
it happens just like that.
And part of what's
involved here,
according to the
ancient Egyptians,
is a divine food, a plant.
There are, again, tones, lights.
There are images as well,
such as this image here
of King Tut from
one of his shrines,
where we see a star up
in the top of the image.
We see three rays
extending from the star
and it's going right into
King Tut's third eye,
his pineal gland.
It's activating
his consciousness.
And look at the expression
on King Tut's face.
He's looking at you going--
get it?
Yeah.
Get this star power.
Open up that window.
Open your heart,
open the window.
Let's let this higher
light into our world
right now because it will
transfigure everything.
But even more beyond that, this
is the promise of this process,
according to the Egyptians.
In addition to the star, we
see the Egyptian hieroglyph
for walking.
You see the two feet.
Dr. Charles Muses has put
these two images together
and said that this indicates
Tutankhamen opening a window,
allowing a higher
light in so that now he
can become a star walker.
So that's really
quite profound to me
because the way
I would interpret
that is that it would
say that, yes, he's
going into the stars
as a star walker,
but he's also walking the
Earth as a star walker.
And that's a big
transformational concept
for humanity.
If we fully embody this
idea that we are star stuff,
that we came from other realms
on a particular mission.
And we walk on this
planet as star walkers
knowing that we are here to
fulfill that mission, that
gives us a greater
sense of purpose,
and perhaps even a greater
sense of urgency as well,
especially at this moment.
Because personally, I believe
that metaphysically speaking,
you and I all chose to
be here at this moment
for exactly what is happening
in our world at this moment.
And you and I are
the game changers.
We're the ones who
aren't going to get
stuck into all the material
and manipulative aspect of it.
We're reaching for
that higher light.
We're bringing the
higher light in.
Trying to bathe
ourselves and our planet,
baptize ourselves and our
planet with this higher light.
And this will be the remedy
that will transfigure our world.
That's our goal.
Amen?
Thank you.
Glad we're on the same page.
Make sure.
So when I had that visionary
experience with Isis or Hathor,
she was talking
about these images
that I'm going to show
you now for a moment.
When she said your work in
Egypt with these star boats is
beautiful, she's referring to,
in particular, this image here.
This is a Ptolemaic king.
The Ptolemies were
the successors
of Alexander the Great.
This is 300 BC.
Alexander's conquered the world.
He's like you and I,
he's a researcher.
He's an initiate.
He went to Egypt, took all
the pharaonic initiations.
The successors of Alexander
built the Great Library
of Alexandria.
They rebuilt many of
the ancient temples,
including the Temple
of Hathor at Dendera,
where this image is found.
This is one of his successors,
one of his generals.
This is a human being who's on
the Ark of the Millions of Years
traveling towards Orion.
He is done what you and I
are in the process of doing,
which is to complete our
earthly cycle of incarnation.
He's hit the books.
He's done all the work.
Now he's on his ship
of eternity, the Ark
of the Millions of Years.
He's got his Resurrection
stick in his hand, which
the great French
symbolist Schwaller de
Lubicz said can
be used to channel
an energy or a force that's
similar to the Christian word,
the life force energy upon
which the world is built.
And so he's got this
stick in his hand
that indicates he is a master
of these higher frequencies.
And perhaps you just
take a moment now,
as we're sitting
here, think about what
it would be like to hold
such a stick in your hand.
What would it be like
if you were like a Jedi
and you had complete
control of this force?
That's an aspiration that
is fulfillable to us.
And so here he is
with the stick.
He's waving goodbye as
he's going into the stars.
And back in the early 2000s,
when I first looked at this
image, I said,
hey, wait a minute,
The way the ancient
Egyptians portrayed the Ark
of the Millions of Years looks
exactly like the way modern
science portrays a wormhole.
But how can that be?
We didn't even come
up with the idea
of this interdimensional portal
or shortcut through spacetime
until 1935.
We call it the
Einstein-Rosen Bridge.
And here are the
ancient Egyptians
telling us pictorially,
symbolically,
that this is a transmuted, flesh
and blood human being traveling
on the Ark of the
Millions of Years,
and it looks like a wormhole.
Is that nuts, or what?
Or is it possible the ancient
Egyptian gods who, they said,
came from the star Sirius
about 9 light years away,
traveled the stars
through wormholes?
No spaceship required.
They dematerialized their
body into information,
beamed it to Earth, and then
reconstituted their body
into a physical
flesh and blood form.
And then, according to
the ancient Egyptian myths
and legends, they
fashioned the human body.
They tweaked our DNA so that
our body itself would then
become a more conducive
vehicle for doing
exactly the same thing.
That is the basis for the
ancient Egyptian religious
traditions and their entire
civilization that lasted
for 3,000 years.
It was founded on the premise
that you are a star being,
you're temporarily
inhabiting this body,
and it can be tweaked or
transmuted into a higher form,
and then you can beam
yourself through the cosmos.
Anybody into that?
Me too.
It's like, yeah, that feels
perfectly natural to me.
So I started on this
quest to link together
modern quantum physics and
science regarding this.
And I'm very fortunate
that these days,
I'm part of a TV show
called "Ancient Aliens"
on the History Channel.
I've been on the show.
Thank you.
I've been on the show
for 16 seasons now.
And I travel around
with my colleagues,
including Dr. Travis Taylor, who
is the chief scientist of the US
government's Unidentified Aerial
Phenomena Program, UAP program.
He is the guy.
And so I sit on stage with him
and I talk about this image.
And then Jay Stratton will
come along to other events.
He actually ran the UAP program.
Much of what they know
is, of course, classified.
And what they'll do is they'll
play a little game with me.
They'll say, hey,
William, you did
notice that stick in his hand,
it looks like a tuning fork.
Oh, yeah.
They're like, OK,
go look up resonance
and opening the
mouths of wormholes.
And when they're
telling me this,
I know that they
already know this.
This is common
knowledge in the UAP
programs, about
opening wormholes
and how they are doing it.
And the rest of us, we have
to just find a way to do it.
And this is how we do it.
We recognize that tones.
Lights and plants are
part of this process.
So this is why you
see the lotus blossom
at the end of the
ship of eternity.
The lotus symbolizes a gateway.
When beings emerge
out of a lotus,
it means they're being
imported from other dimensions,
similar to teleporting.
They just instantly manifest.
And so the lotus is
the ultimate symbol
then for traveling
between dimensions or even
between worlds.
And I believe that we are
all in this process of,
again, becoming star walkers.
We are star walkers,
and we're remembering
who we are as star walkers.
And I really do think that the
U-shaped symbol of the wormhole,
and I do understand
that wormholes also are
portrayed as toroidal as well.
But I stick to the
U shape because I
think of this as the
uber-ancient symbol,
all symbols ultimately emerge
from this uber-U-shaped symbol.
And the reason why I think
this is because, in my view,
the wormhole symbolizes
the process that all of us
are ongoing.
We all experienced a birth.
We're all experiencing a life.
We're in the mouth
of the wormhole here,
or the throat of
the wormhole rather.
We will all experience
a death or a transition
into another realm.
And the way we got here--
or think about it this way,
how did you get here
when you came here?
When your divine spark
within you arrived and you
spent all this time
in your mother's womb
and you came shooting
out of her portal,
isn't that a form of
a stargate in itself?
And now you're in this
matrix going, wow,
OK, how do I get back there?
And this is the process
that we're all living.
We all had an inhuman past.
We're experiencing
our present life.
We'll all experience a
resurrection in a future
somewhere else.
And this is why I think
it's important to study
this symbolism because it
ultimately tells us that there
are tools, there
are helpers, there
are ideas and concepts that
enable us to self-direct
our transfiguration.
Traditional religions say, oh,
yeah, you'll transfigure, just
not right now.
It'll happen when some special
figure, a Messiah, or a Christ,
or a Mahdi appears.
Then and only then
you can transfigure.
But the esoteric-minded ones
have always said, no, you
can self-direct this process.
You can take it
upon yourself to.
To find ways to actually
activate your transfigured light
body and enjoy it while
you're living on Earth.
And in fact, that is a
way to vastly improve,
not only your personal life,
but also the lives of your
loved ones and everyone on
the planet at this time.
And this, once again, is what we
see in ancient Egyptian imagery.
Here's our Ptolemaic
King once again.
He's sitting on his
feathered throne.
It's feathered because it flies.
It's an ascension throne.
I'm going to also suggest
to you that if he's
traveling aboard a wormhole,
that this feathered throne
that he's sitting on
is probably some kind
of anti-gravity device.
Because ordinarily,
as Paul said,
flesh and blood cannot
inherit the kingdom of heaven.
What that means is that
flesh and blood bodies can't
travel through a wormhole.
If a wormhole opened right
in this room right now
and you tried
walking through it,
it'd be like walking
through a blender.
You're going to get
your feathers ruffled.
A transfiguration is
required preparatory
to that, or some
protection mechanism.
And I'm going to talk
more about this here
in a moment in light
of recent videos
that have come out of UAPs
that absolutely demonstrate
this to be a fact.
So we have this pharaoh on
his feather ascension throne.
He's got his key of
life in his hand.
He's got his resurrection stick.
He's got his wormhole-shaped
boat, his Ark
of the Millions of Years.
He's good to go.
He's got his crown of wisdom,
the resurrection stick,
the key of life, the feathered
ascension throne, everything.
All of these are
consciousness attributes.
They're not really-- you
can't go down to Nordstrom
and say, hey, I want my
new Chanel crown of wisdom,
or go to Armani and
say, hey, do you
have your latest
resurrection stick?
And this doesn't work that way.
These are probably
actually more like symbols
of attributes within us.
Now, just think about
this for a second.
What if you're
thinking anatomically
about a resurrection stick,
what do you think that could be?
What would be the
resurrection stick within you?
Your spine.
Yeah, absolutely.
What would the
crown of wisdom be?
Wouldn't that be your activated
two hemispheres of your brain?
Yeah.
What is the key of life?
Well, the answer is
in Tibetan Buddhism,
is that the key of life is love.
Compassion in action.
So right away, we've just
suddenly put ourselves
on this boat going,
I better learn
how to activate the
power of my spine
and my neurosecretory system.
This is what it's all about.
It's recognizing that
our body is the stargate
that we have been looking for.
And once we learn
how to, the word
is transfigure it, up
level it, activate it,
we become star walkers.
That's the idea.
In my journey-- this
took me back to 2002,
something like that.
Again, when you all hit 60, if
you think something happened
10 years ago, it was 20.
OK, just going to
prepare you for that.
So if I say this
was 20 years ago,
it could have been 40 years ago.
All right, so it
was a long time ago
when I first take this picture
up on the ceiling at the Temple
of Hathor at Dendera.
And I get back to our boat,
our cruise ship on the Nile,
and I'm feeling
really satisfied.
I had been talking with
my group about all this
and I finally got the picture.
And I get back to my
stateroom on the boat.
And a phone call comes in.
And says, hey, William,
it's time to come down.
We're going to all go
watch the belly dancer.
And I'm like, I'm just
going to take a nap.
I'm not really into
the belly dancer.
A few minutes
later, another call.
William, we're going to
watch the belly dancer.
I'm not really into
the belly dancer.
Five minutes later,
William, you have
to come down here and
watch the belly dancer.
It's like, OK, so off I go.
It wasn't a belly dancer.
It ended up being a whirling
dervish dancer performing
an 800-year-old
mystic Islamic dance.
This guy starts
spinning in place,
going into a deep meditation,
deep state of meditation.
And he starts spinning
the skirt that he's
wearing around his body.
And I looked at that
and I thought, hey,
that looks like a UFO.
That looks like a flying saucer.
He's like Elijah ascending into
the heavens in a whirlwind,
or like, is this is
Ezekiel's throne?
This is like all these guys that
I see in these winged rings that
are in all this ancient art,
the Sumerian art in particular.
And I'm just like, my gosh, look
at this guy, look at him go.
This is phenomenal.
And then the next thing I know,
there's this cracking sound
on the floor, and it's my jaw.
[LAUGHTER] Because he had
pulled out a second skirt
and was spinning it
counterclockwise now.
And I'm like, look at
what he's just done.
This is the way modern science
portrays a toroidal wormhole,
and here is our
whirling dervish dancer.
He's just turned himself
into the shape of a wormhole.
And I'm like, that's what
I've been trying to say.
And these guys have already
known this for 800 years.
And they're so smart,
they put it into a dance
so that everybody could
enjoy it and get the benefit.
But they don't-- my gosh,
this was unbelievable to me.
And, again, when I was
first putting this together,
we had started
the war on terror.
And it had been proclaimed
we're going to spend $1 trillion
prosecuting the war on terror
beginning in 2003 onward.
I'm like, why don't
we spend $1 trillion
teaching children the
wormhole dance, which
is what I called it.
Let's go into mystic
Islam and combine it
with mystic Christianity.
And let's show that these
secrets, these ideas
are everywhere in
the ancient world.
And this is what
we got to focus on.
Not holy wars about territories
and this kind of thing,
but we really got to open up our
minds to these possibilities.
And this was why it
was so inspiring.
So then after the
dance, his assistant
comes up with a linen shroud.
He took the second skirt,
wrapped it into a bundle.
And for us Western dummies,
they wrapped the bundle
in the shroud like a
baby and fed milk to it.
Again, how did you get here?
Where did you come from?
What are you doing here?
And when it's time to leave,
where are you going to go
and how are you
going to get there?
It seems to me this is what
this dance was answering.
And it was hugely inspiring
to me in my journey.
More recently, I was in Egypt.
And I just wanted to share
a quick video with you
so you can see the energy that
these whirling dervish dancers
just exude in the process.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Is that cool, or what?
I mean, amazing.
[APPLAUSE]
So I get back home
after that event.
A few years go by.
I'm up at a UFO
conference in California.
A lovely couple comes
up to me and says,
we both have PhDs from the
Harvard Divinity School.
We work for the Dalai Lama.
Our specialty is the Tibetan
concept of transfiguration,
the rainbow light body.
Are you familiar with it?
And I said, no, I have no idea
what you're talking about.
And they said,
well, that's funny
because you're work in
Egypt answers questions
about this idea, the rainbow
body and transfiguration,
that the Tibetans won't answer
either because it's secret
or because they don't
know the answer.
And I'm like, OK,
I'm really intrigued.
What are you talking about?
And they said, in the Tibetan
rainbow light body tradition,
they teach that the
human body was designed
to have its frequency
accelerated until it
transfigures into
five-colored rainbow light,
leaving behind only hair, toe,
and fingernails which have
no nerves to be transmuted.
And they said, what
they wanted to know
was that once they attain this
transfiguration, they said,
the Lamas can journey or travel
to any of 13 star systems
where this teaching is taught.
And what they wanted to know
was, how do they get there?
Once they attain this
transfigured body,
how do they travel
between star systems?
And then they said, we were
watching your presentation
about the star walkers and the
wormhole dancer, as you call it,
and we got the answer.
Once again, the
Tibetans are saying
our body is a vehicle
of transfiguration that
can be transformed.
And so I started
looking at this idea,
and this is Padmasambhava,
Tibetan rainbow light body guru.
He sits on his lotus throne.
He's got a resurrection stick.
He's got his crown of glory on.
And he's holding a
vajra in his hand,
which is the Tibetan symbol
for compassion and action.
It's the Tibetan equivalent
of the Egyptian key of life.
He's got these golden rays and
rainbow rays coming off of him.
And around his body is a
transparent image or ring
that looks like a stargate.
And I instantly got it.
The Tibetans are talking
about exactly the same thing
that the ancient Egyptians
were talking about.
But now the Tibetans
are saying, you
can travel to 13 star
systems, including our own.
That means you've got beings
coming and going from Sirius,
Pleiades, Orion, Arcturus.
These are the commonly
named star systems
in ancient myth and
sacred tradition.
And they're talking
there's another nine
more that they are
coming and going from.
And I'm thinking, this is
absolutely astonishing.
And the message is, this is
who-- this is your true self.
You and I identify with these
bodies, But to the Tibetans,
that's actually you.
That is within you.
This is what is manifested,
this physical flesh and blood
body in order to have
this earthly experience.
But it's such point
that you decide
you want to transcend
this earthly experience,
this flesh and
blood body can then
be transfigured into
its original form.
And, again, it's not
something that you go get.
You don't get it at Best Buy,
you don't get it at Nordstrom.
You already are it.
It is within you.
And this is the message that is
conveyed over and over again, is
that it's about identifying
with this aspect of ourselves
and living our life from
this inside perspective out.
And so this to me then
became a real key piece
in my journey to link together
the various transfiguration
teachings.
And one thing that
the Tibetans teach,
which is I think is so
profound and powerful
and it's something the ancient
Egyptians taught as well,
is that just looking at
images, making eye to eye,
soul to soul contact with
avatars, like Padmasambhava
here through an image, they
can transmit those codes to you
as you're sitting here
looking at the image.
As you're absorbing
this energy coming
from this magnificent
tonka, a part of you
is going, at last, that is me.
Feed me, feed me, talk to me,
activate me, think about me.
This is the angel on the
side of the shore, again,
that we rode in on
the boat with but we
forgot about who we truly are.
And, again, this is the primary
teaching of the Tibetans,
but it extends into
Gnostic Christianity.
They refer to this
as the divine spark
and the glory body,
the resurrection body,
the light body.
And all of us have
this within us.
And by beginning to identify
with this aspect of ourselves,
it brings healing to our
physical body, elevated states
of joy, immense and enhanced
powers of manifestation,
and ultimately, a sense
of wholeness and holiness
that is matched only
by the great avatars.
Now, this might seem like a
heady concept to you, to some,
but you're already
familiar with it.
If you ever saw the
movie "The Wizard of Oz,"
you saw a great demonstration of
the way the Tibetans described
this rainbow light body.
Remember in the story, Dorothy
has fallen into a dream.
She goes up in a whirlwind
where she ascends into a higher
frequency realm called
Oz, a Hebrew word that
means strength is within.
I think it means
the light is within.
And suddenly, Dorothy is
on the yellow brick road
and she encounters
an orb of light
that manifests out of nowhere.
This is an apport.
This is a manifestation
of an avatar type being
that suddenly is
floating in front of her.
And as the scene
develops, we suddenly
see this luminous,
radiant humanoid
being holding a star
stick in her hand,
and wearing a crown
and a luminous garment.
This is the Good Witch
Glinda in the story.
But she is wearing exactly the
same symbols or accouterments
that we see in the
Tibetan artwork
of their resurrected
beings and the same symbols
that we just saw in
ancient Egypt a moment ago.
So this is, to me,
a way to visualize
this aspect of
ourselves and the power
that we all have within us.
And I believe that this is
what the ancient Egyptians were
demonstrating in their
artwork portraying Osiris,
their God of Resurrection.
That he's, again, on his
feathered ascension throne,
but the way they
portray the swirling
energy of his crown,
his green skin,
he's green symbolic of rebirth,
renewal, and regeneration.
It's the same imagery that we
see in the Tibetan artwork.
And the reason
why, for emphasis,
is that this is not
an Egyptian teaching.
It's not a Tibetan teaching.
It's not a Christian teaching.
It's cosmic.
This is the original
cosmic spiritual teaching
that found its way into all
these various earthly religious
and spiritual traditions
that then, unfortunately,
were turned into orthodoxy.
And the average card-carrying
Tibetan, Christian, Jew
and Muslim are
oblivious to this.
And this is the problem that
we're experiencing in our world
right now.
If we elevate our consciousness
more to this direction,
it brings ideas and
inspirations for how
to solve our earthly problems.
And we have no more time for
them because it's all nonsense.
It works on the 3D Earth plane.
But once we tap into this,
we're so far beyond that,
that we don't want to even
function in the mundane world
anymore.
And that's why we call
this stairway to the stars.
We're all on this
stairway right now.
Some of us are maybe
at higher rungs,
but we all have our
head in the stars.
And once you got your
head in the stars,
I'm asking you to consider, this
is where you want to go with it.
You're not trying to hitch
a ride on a spaceship.
I just don't-- I caution that.
Some technological 3D spaceship
might be good for a weekend
holiday to the Pleiades.
But for your eternal
spiritual development,
we want to go more
in this direction.
Ptah is the ancient
Egyptian god that's
portrayed here standing
with the resurrection
stick in his hand and the
rainbow-colored stairway
to heaven behind him.
They call it the Backbone
of Osiris or the stairway
to heaven.
He was the Egyptian
god of technology.
The Egyptian said, came to
Earth from Sirius, fashioned
the human body, made it
a more conducive vehicle
for the ascension of the soul.
And I think it's just
pretty interesting
the way the Egyptians
portrayed him,
how closely it corresponds with
the way the Tibetans portrayed
the rainbow light body.
This is Nefertari in her tomb.
She was the wife of
the great Ramesses II.
And she wears a
transparent linen garment,
indicative of her attainment of
her afterlife, garment of light.
She holds in her hand
the Egyptian hieroglyph
for new clothes, which
she is offering to Ptah.
The reason why we dress our
children up and ourselves up
in new clothes at
Easter is a reference
to this ancient
Egyptian tradition.
What she's actually saying
is, thank you, Ptah,
for helping me to weave my
higher dimensional, my higher
frequency light body so
that now I can travel
the interdimensional wormholes.
This is Ptah's business card.
[LAUGHTER] He's the architect
of heaven and earth, the master
craftsman and working
metal sculptor, designer,
and the fashioner of
the bodies of men.
He's even got a double
helix in his hieroglyph.
That tells me he's the
master of genetics.
All of these ancient
stories about
extraterrestrial
intervention in human affairs
ultimately focus on
a genetic enhancement
that was done to us, whether
it's activating the neocortex,
transmuting the body
into a higher form.
The ancient Egyptians said
Ptah was the guy that did it.
The pyramid texts that accompany
that were, in fact, dedicated
to Ptah tell us
that the reason why
was so that we
could create a more
conducive vehicle for the
soul to become a star walker.
Again, back to the Tibetans.
They teach that the ultimate
goal of all spiritual practice
is aimed at this
transfiguration, which is really
aimed at remembering our true
selves, our true nature, who
we are as beings.
Some of you might even have
had a dream or a vision,
something like this.
And the idea is that this light
self, this rainbow light body,
this ascension body, a
resurrection body, glory body--
there's so many different
terms for it-- the star walker
body is enfolded within us.
And what we have to
do is tune into it,
just acknowledge it,
reference it, study it.
And that's what we're
doing this morning,
is presenting images that help
you to begin to visualize it.
This is the White Tara, the
Buddhist goddess of compassion,
who's surrounded by this
rainbow-colored light,
indicating that she is tapped
into these higher frequencies
of love and compassion.
Again, as I said,
imagine the love
you have for a pet,
your parents, a loved
one, your children, siblings.
Multiply it by
millions, and you have
the type of love
and the frequency
that we're speaking of here
that the White Tara actually
embodies.
And all of us can embody it.
They tell us that
our new body that we
obtain as a result of following
this path will be luminous.
We will shine like the
brightness of the expanse.
stars forever and ever.
This is constantly referenced in
all religious and mythological
spiritual traditions.
That we can attain this star
body or this light body.
And that each of us has
an inner core, a seed,
a spark that is capable of
manifesting this full potential.
And the question is,
how do we let it in?
And that's really
what it's about.
It's not something that
you do as much as it is
something you just are already.
And you allow it to
unfold from within you.
So maybe just take a
moment now to expand
by linking with the Buddha
here and thinking of yourself
as unfolded within
this radiant energy
field, rainbow-colored
energy field.
And just sit with
that for a moment
as we continue our presentation.
And what it would be like if
you stood up from your chair,
walked out of this room, and
everybody out in this hallway
out here noticed that
all of us were radiating
rainbow-colored light.
I think this is in part what
we're aiming at right now.
We're in a funny
zone right now, where
the rainbow is taking on
a different connotation
in our world.
The idea of trans is taking
on a different connotation.
We're ultimately aiming
at a transfiguration
into higher frequency
beings of light,
where we literally radiate
rainbow-colored light.
This is why rainbows are all
over the planet right now.
It's this human
subconscious saying, yeah,
we're aspiring to something
new and different.
We're transforming, but we don't
quite know what that form is.
We're in that
intermediate phase.
And as we begin to
fine tune that--
I know teachers,
famous teachers--
you know who they are--
meditation teachers.
Dr. Joe Dispenza--
light beings are
coming into his presentations.
People are literally
beginning to glow.
What if that was the present
reality for all of humanity?
In the next few
years, what if that
is the manifestation that shows
us we have fully transformed?
If you literally
are walking around
and you see people
exuding light,
maybe even rainbow-colored
light, in this way,
think of the
profound implications
of that in our world.
[THEME MUSIC]